| Key | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Date: | March 5, 2024 |
| Time: | 16:45 |
| Location: | Cubicle 4, Drebbelweg PC Hall 1 |
| Chair | Filip Nedić |
| Minute Taker | Aayush Gupta |
| Attendees: | Ege Yarar, Noe Narayudha Purwanto, Oana Mirea, Noortje Manintveld |
# Agenda Items (8 min)
> Meeting started 4:43
- Opening by chair (1 min)
- Check-in: How is everyone doing? (1 min)
- Approval of the agenda: Does anyone have any additions? (1 min)
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (2 min)
- Announcements by the TA (3 min)
>- We discussed the BuddyCheck assignment. Phrases like "I think..." should be used to have a formal tone.
>- We will receive emails about the knockout criteria if we fail it, but none of us got an email for Week 2 or 3. 
>- We should use milestones and issues more effectively: set deadlines, time estimates, and approximations for how long is spent on an issue.
## Recap of Last Week's Goals (14 min)
- Frontend development: How far did we come? (2 min) 
- Frontend development: By when can we finish it? (2 min)
> Most scenes have been developed, but a few scenes are unfinished or are yet to be implemented.
- Frontend development: Set deadline? (1 min)
> Aim to finish GUI by the end of week 4.
- Database set-up: How is it going? (3 min)
> Not much progress has been made, although Oana tarted working on the database.
- Database set-up: When is it gonna be finished? (1 min)
> Aim to get it done by the end of week 4.
- Code of conduct: Handed in and done accordingly? (1 min)
> Mostly finished but may make changes later. Will fix if time is left at the end of the project.
- Review of meetings of the past 2 weeks (except the mandatory meetings)
- Review: Are we efficient? (2 min)
> Meetings are pretty efficient.
- Review: Did we learn and do we need a change our approach to meetings? (2 min)
> Sometimes meetings are too early/late. Extended meetings should be had so that we can work together.
## Action Points for This Week (16 min)
- Finishing Frontend development: Last steps? (3 min)
>- We need more scenes for the admin, which will be connected to the main app through a password.
>- We need to add functionality for splitting expenses between participants.
>- Will be worked on by Noortje and Oana.
- Finishing Database: Last steps? (3 min)
>- Participants database has been started, Oana will finish it. THe remainder of the database will be worked on by Aayush, Noe and Filip.
- Functionality: What to implement this week? (1 min)
- Functionality: What can we implement at this point? (2 min)
- Functionalty: Who?, What?, When? (2 min)
> Functionality will be focused on next week, as there is not much we can implement currently without the basis of the app down.
- CHECKSTYLE (2 MIN)
> Have to add JavaDoc and tests for frontend control methods.
- Any additions? (1 min)
- Future meetings? (2 min)
> Meeting this week on Thursday at 11 am, as well as week 5 (next week) Friday. Time will be decided later.
## Conclusion (7 min)
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (2 min)
> Mostly well done, just a bit shorter than expected.
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you misestimate? (1 min)
> Meeting was a bit shorter than expected, but that’s mostly because we didn’t talk about functionality, as was originally expected.
- Are we on track? (1 min)
> We are mostly on track, but the server work will take time and should not be underestimated.
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (2 min)
- Closure (1 min)

Estimated meeting time: 45 minutes
> Actual time: 43 minutes
