| Key          | Value                                                   |
|--------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| Date:        | April 9, 2024                                          |
| Time:        | 16:45                                                   |
| Location:    | Cubicle 4, Drebbelweg PC Hall 1                         |
| Chair        | Oana Mirea                                  |
| Minute Taker | Noortje Manintveld |
| Attendees:   | Ege Yarar, Aayush Gupta, Noe Narayudha Purwanto, Filip NediÄ‡ |
# Agenda (total: 45-50 min)
## Opening (4 min)
- Opening by chair (1 min)
- Check-in: How is everyone doing? (1 min)
- Approval of the agenda: Does anyone have any additions? (1 min)
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (1 min)
- Announcements by the TA (0-3 min)
## Progress Reports + Recap of Last Week's Goals (20 min)
- Self Reflection: how did it go?, feedback (2-3 min)
- Basic Requirements:
> - JSON import/export (2 min)
--> finished but 
> - Web Sockets/Long polling (2 min)
--> long polling finished
--> web sockets: need fix for double participants
> - Editing expenses (3 min)
--> as debts are now finished, they can be started to be implemented now. 
> - Connecting debts and displaying them: not fully to the extra req (3 min)
--> done.
> - Language config file + translations of the app (2 min)
--> works, some things still need to be translated to.
--> ege will add turkish. 
--> switch cases will be changed
> - Connection to server (3 min)
--> server url string can be changed from settings.  
- Can the TA check our project for specific things we might have missed (3 min)
## Action Points for This Week (24 min)
- Buddy Check (1 min)
- Basic requirements
> - Is there anything we still need to do? (3 min)
--> web sockets
--> debts
--> editing/deleting partiicpants with cancel fix
--> debts owe full for each participnants should be added. 
> - How are we going to divide the roles?
--> Noortje finish json
--> Ege adds turkish
--> aayush finishes edit expenses
--> Filip fixes manage participants
--> Noe will do detailed expenses
--> Oana websockets/ json
- Extra requirenents
> - What do we have done from the Expenses, Debts, Language extra req? (3 min)
> - Is there anything we can do more or anything that we need to polish? (2 min)
> - Do we want to add key bindings (2 min)
> - Make buttons binded to a place (2 min)
> - Write some more tests (2-3 min)
- Self Reflection for this week (and don't forget Buddy Check!!) (3 min)
- Meeting after the coding time is over so we can discuss all the features; update our knowledge on the techinal learning objectives of this course; (3 min)
- Any Additions? (1 min)
## Conclusion (3 min)
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (2 min)
- Closure (1 min)