## OOPP Group 16, Second Meeting

| Meeting Details |                                                              |
|-----------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date:           | 20.02.2024                                                   |
| Time:           | 16:45 - 17:30                                                |
| Location:       | DW PC1 Cubicle 4                                             |
| Chair           | Oana Teodora Mirea                                           |
| Minute Taker    | Noortje Manintveld                                           |
| Attendees:      | Ege Yarar, Noe Narayudha Purwanto, Filip NediÄ‡, Aayush Gupta |

> **Check** if everyone is present

> ### Agenda Items:
> - Opening by chair (1 min)
> - Check -in: How is everyone doing? (2 min)
>> Two teammates have finished their git assignment, the others are on track to getting it finished before the deadline. As a group we are unsure how to actually start coding.
> - Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (2 min)
> - Discuss each team member's progress with Git Assignment; 
  Find if anyone needs help and establish time to help them (3 min)
> - Announcements by the TA (2 min)
>> It is recommended to start coding this week (also required to get a minimum of 100 lines of code p.p).
> #### Talking Points: (Inform/ brainstorm/ decision-making/ discuss):
> - Discuss Code of Conduct briefly and establish a meeting to work on it (8 min)
>> The assignment will be started on thursday, at 13:30 on campus. We want to get a good start, and hopefully finish it this week. Otherwise finish it in the beginning of next week.
> - Scrum/Backlog talk: decide where to note down the information, who should be in charge of it,
  decide tasks for this week and their deadline (8 min)
>> We have made a rough planning. We want to finish all the basic requirements in week 6, so in each week (3, 5 and 6) we want to finish at least 1/3 of the tasks.
In week 7 & 8 we want to focus on the extra implementations and the presentation of the product.
For the extra implementations we keep the foreign currency, open debts and detailed expenses in the back of our minds. As for how to devide these tasks, we will decide at a more relevent time (closer to the planned weeks)
> - Division of tasks (8 min)
>>Aayush will make a rough sketch of the database design before our meeting on thursday. We will all work together on the Code of Conduct in that meeting, and then we will also decide who will do what part of coding for this week (classes, testing)
> - Discuss prospective meetings (not just the mandatory one) (3 min)
>> Thursday at 13:30 on campus
> - Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (3 min)
>> - Everyone watch videos on Spring/SCRUM
>> - Finish git assignment if not done already
>> - start on the foundation of the project (thursday)
>> - Code of Conduct assignment (thursday)
> 
> - Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (3 min)
>- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis -estimate? (2 min)
>> We roughly did the same time overall. During the meeting we talked longer than planned about the git assignment, and less than planned about the Code of Conduct. 
> - Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (3 min)
> - Closure (1 min)
