| Key          | Value                                                     |
|--------------|-----------------------------------------------------------| 
| Date:        | March 26, 2024                                            |
| Time:        | 16:45                                                     |
| Location:    | Cubicle 4, Drebbelweg PC Hall 1                           |
| Chair        | Ege Yarar                                                 |
| Minute Taker | Noe Narayudha Purwanto                                    |
| Attendees:   | Filip NediÄ‡, Aayush Gupta, Oana Mirea, Noortje Manintveld |
## Agenda Items:
> - started at 16:46
- Opening by chair (1 min)
- Check-in: How is everyone doing? (1 min)
- Approval of the agenda: Does anyone have any additions? (1 min)
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (1 min)
- Announcements by the TA (3 min)
> - Feedback from last week is on brightspace
> - We upload slides for the product pitch

## Recap of Last Week's Goals
- Front end development (5 min)
> - How far have we gotten? (3 min)
> - Did we meet our goals for last week? (1 min)
> - If not, by when will that be finished? (1 min)
>> - Has been finished
- Server Utilities (7 min)
> - How did it go? (3 min)
> - Did we meet our goals for last week? (1 min)
> - Did everyone add server methods to the client side ? (2 min)
> - If not, by when will that be finished? (1 min)
>> - event id should be separated from the invite code to reduce complexity.
>> - server utilities are mostly done
## Action Points for This Week
- Adding functionalities : adding functionalities to front end (4 min)
- Connecting and saving to database : saving inputs to database (4 min)
- Using Postman (2 min)
> - Postman allows us to quickly test out and debug http requests
- Basic requirements
> - Which ones are already done? (3 min)
> > - most will be finished after implementing http requests in the front end
> - Which ones do we work on this week? (3 min)
> - How are we going to divide the roles? (2 min)
> > - everyone works on adding server methods to their own pages
- Any Additions? (1 min)
> - product pitch:
> - only requirement for formative is to upload slides
## Conclusion
> - 17:06
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (2 min)
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you misestimate? (1 min)
> - Already met up beforehand to discuss, thus reducing the time taken to discuss.
> - Overestimated remaining complexity of discussion points.
- Are we on track? (1 min)
> - On track for basic requirements, but will need to compromise on features.
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (2 min)
- Closure (1 min)
> - 17:20