# Meeting Week 2 Team 16


#### Meeting Organization

Mark: Pass

Feedback: There was a chairman and a minute taker.

#### Agenda 


Mark: Sufficient

Feedback: The agenda was added to the repository in time and it followed the template accordingly. The points were clear, the structure was a bit confusing to me. What I would do as an improvement is try to have multiple headings like you have with talking points but not one big one called agenda items. Just each section with subtasks that are things you should mention about that section. Furthermore, I would detail a bit more about the subtasks since they can be really helpful when leading the meeting. Sometimes it is hard to elaborate on certain topics so more subtasks to help would be an improvement.


#### Performance of the *Previous* Minute Taker

Mark: Excellent

Feedback: About that .... no minute taker last week.


#### Chair performance

Mark: Good

Feedback: I think the chair did a decent job to cover the agenda topics. Furthermore the chair also had some good discussions with some of the teammates. Overall considering it was also the first week it was really fine.
However there are a few things I would suggest for the future : 
1) Firstly, there were some inactive persons today. As a chair if your team is sometimes inactive it is half your responsibility to try to engage them and keep the discussion going based on how you control the meeting. I think today the discussion went okay, but for future, a nice way to engage people is to poke out directly persons who are quiet and try to get their input.
2) Secondly, I think since the agenda was not the most detailed it was a bit difficult to plan the meeting properly. There were times of confusion on what to talk about or if to talk about anything at all. It is fine since it is the first meeting led by the team but for the future I would suggest again to make the agenda more detailed so it can help the chair to have discussion topics. 


#### Attitude & Relation


Mark: Good

Feedback: I think the overall atmosphere was good, the team took ownership of the meeting. I think not everyone was active in the meeting and that led to some silent moments. I strongly suggest for next week for everyone to **try to be active**. I think it is each person's responsibility to give some input on the discussion topic and I think it is a great help for that person's teammates so for next week the biggest suggestion from me to the whole team would be for everyone participate in the discussion. Other than that I think everyone's ideas were listened to and taken into account. 


#### Potentially Shippable Product

Mark: Insufficient

Feedback: This serves as an incentive for this week. I think it would be a good idea to already start planning about the application and making some rough drawings or plans. I would also start adding issues to gitlab because this week you're supposed to have some code contribution! Make sure to merge to main by sunday with your contribution to be taken into consideration. If you miss it, it is not the end of the world but you will need to make up for it next week and do 2x the work. Please try to be consistent with the code contribution as it is easy to fall behind.


#### Work Contribution/Distribution in the Team

Mark: Very Good

Feedback: I think the students contributed equally to the planning. 


