| Key | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Date: | April 2, 2024 |
| Time: | 16:45 |
| Location: | Cubicle 4, Drebbelweg PC Hall 1 |
| Chair | Noortje Manintveld |
| Minute Taker | Ege Yarar |
| Attendees: | Ege Yarar, Noe Narayudha Purwanto, Oana Mirea, Filip NediÄ‡ |
# Agenda Items (6 min)
- Opening by chair/ Check-in: How is everyone doing? (1 min)
- Approval of the agenda: Does anyone have any additions? (1 min)
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (1 min)
- Announcements by the TA (3 min)
## Recap of Last Week's Goals (16 min)
- Product pitch: Handed in? (10 sec)
- Database connection: Is everything finished? (2 min)
- Database connection: How did it go? (3 min)
- Database conneciton: What still has to be done? (2 min)
> - only espense and debts classes left
- GUI pages: How is the admin side? (1 min)
> - we need to add json functionality
- GUI pages: What to do about settings page? (3 min)
- Language Switch: Is everything finished? (1 min)
    - question to the TA about difference live langauge switch/ basic requirement LS
> - we need application properties for ls
- Functionality: Are all basic requirements met? (1 min)
- Functionality: What to still implement? (3 min)
## Action Points for This Week (16 min)
- Config file: What do we have (1 min)
- Config file: What to still add (3 min)
- CSS: How do we want our app to look (3 min)
- HCI: What to do to improve (3 min)
- Self-Reflection: Deadline is this week on friday (1 min)
- Any additions? (1 min)
- Future meetings? (2 min)
- How to split the work? (2 min)
> - focus on implemented features and bugs
> -web sockets and long polling
> - iban and email are optional
## Conclusion (7 min)
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (2 min)
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you misestimate? (1 min)
- Are we on track? (1 min)
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (2 min)
- Closure (1 min)

Estimated meeting time: 45 minutes