| Key          | Value                                                   |
|--------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| Date:        | March 19, 2024                                          |
| Time:        | 16:45                                                   |
| Location:    | Cubicle 4, Drebbelweg PC Hall 1                         |
| Chair        | Noe Narayudha Purwanto                                  |
| Minute Taker | Filip NediÄ‡                                             |
| Attendees:   | Ege Yarar, Aayush Gupta, Oana Mirea, Noortje Manintveld |
# Agenda (total: 45-49)
## Opening (4-9 min)
- Opening by chair (1 min)
>> - meeting started 16:44
- Check -in: How is everyone doing + How did the midterms go for everyone? (2 min)
- Approval of the agenda: Does anyone have any additions? (0-2 min)
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (1 min)
- Announcements by the TA (0-3 min)
>> - We discussed the buddycheck and why the TA failed some of us. It turns out we should be more specific in our examples of when events exactly happened
>> - We should use milestones, issues, time estimates and labels way more in git to maximise git's potential.
## Progress Reports + Recap of Last Week's Goals (12-15 min)
- Front end development (5 min)
> - How far have we gotten? (3 min)
> - Did we meet our goals for last week? (1 min)
> - If not, by when will that be finished? (0-1 min)
>> - It is almost finished, we need to connect the ui's to the database
>> - We should make it more accessible but should not worry about it this week
- Database progress (5 min)
> - How far have we gotten? (3 min)
>> - Participants and admin repository still need to be finished
> - Did we meet our goals for last week? (1 min)
> - If not, by when will that be finished? (0-1 min)
>> - by this week it should be finished.
>> - We could  also test the databases using mockito.
- Checkstyle (4 min)
> - How far have we gotten? (2 min)
>> - We should pick 5 checkstyle rules (we want javadoc comments, but we are not sure if we want to make it mandatory)
> - Did we meet our goals for last week? (1 min)
>> - it is still commented out
> - If not, by when will that be finished? (0-1 min)
>> - by this week we want the checkstyle rules defined
- Buddy Checks (1 min)
> - Did everyone finish the buddy checks? (1 min)
>> - Yes everyone finished the buddy checks
## Action Points for This Week (18 min)
- Anything missing from this section? (1 min)
>> - Accessibility was missing, however we should not focus on it right now, get the basics done first
- Server utilities: adding server methods to the client side (4 min)
>> - we should take a look this week at the serverutils
- Basic requirements
> - Has everyone read all the basic requirements? (2 min)
> - Which ones are already done? (3 min)
>> - Couple of them, but most of them we can get done 
> - Which ones do we still need to do? (2 min)
> - Which ones do we work on this week? (3 min)
> - How are we going to divide the roles? (2 min)
>> - Oana and Noortje will the participants repository, serverutils and checkstyle. The rest will just work on the serverutils, 
tests and controllers for their own class. For Filip that is Expense, Noe Admin, Ege Event and Aayush debt.
- Any Additions? (1 min)
## Conclusion (7 min)
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (2 min)
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you misestimate? (1 min)
>> - time was 51 minutes (started 16:44 and ended 17:35) due to some feedback by the TA at the end of the meering
- Are we on track? (1 min)
>> - unfortunately the midterm exams slowed us down a little and our initial goal of having the basic requirements done by week 6 will not be met, 
    however we are still on track in general.
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (2 min)
- Closure (1 min)
>> -- meeting ended 17:51